[ResponseOps][9.3 & Serverless]: Scheduled reports new email fields and Mustache support (#4161)
elastic/docs-content: explore-analyze/report-and-share/automating-report-generation.md

   If your role doesn't have the **Manage Scheduled Reporting** feature privilege, you can only send reports to yourself. 
   ::::

   {applies_to}`serverless: ga` {applies_to}`stack: ga 9.3`: (Optional) Enter additional details for email notifications:

>     * **Cc**: Enter one more more email addresses. Recipients will get a copy of the report, be included on all replies, and can view all other recipients' addresses.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * **Cc**: Enter one or more email addresses. Recipients will get a copy of the report, be included on all replies, and have view access to all other recipients' addresses.
```

    * **Bcc**: Enter one more more email addresses. Recipients will get a copy of the report, but won't be included on all replies and can't see the other recipients' addresses.
    * **Subject**: Keep the default email subject, or enter your own. 
    * **Message**: Keep the default email message, or enter your own. 

       ::::{note} 

>        In the subject and message, you can use the [Mustache](https://mustache.github.io/mustache.5.html) template syntax (`{{variable name}}`) to dynamically pass values from data sources when the email is generated. 

Reviewer 2: I don't think we have any docs describing the escape strategies directly. In the action variable docs we do have some examples with Markdown though (i.e. [here](https://www.elastic.co/docs/explore-analyze/alerts-cases/alerts/rule-action-variables#mustache-examples)). My point was mostly about making sure the user knows that they're writing markdown, not plain text, as that represent a second syntactic layer on top of Mustache

>        In the subject and message, you can use the [Mustache](https://mustache.github.io/mustache.5.html) template syntax (`{{variable name}}`) to dynamically pass values from data sources when the email is generated. 

Author: Oh, gotcha. Yes to also mentioning support for markdown in the message field. I'll add this detail to the description for the **Message** field. In the note about using Mustache variables in the email subject/body, I'll also point to the docs for enhancing mustache variables.

```suggestion
       In the subject and message, you can use the [Mustache](https://mustache.github.io/mustache.5.html) template syntax (`{{variable name}}`) to dynamically pass values from data sources when the email is generated. Enhancing the values passed by Mustache variables is also supported. Refer to [](../../explore-analyze/alerts-cases/alerts/rule-action-variables.md#enhance-mustache-variables) to learn more. 
```

>        In the subject and message, you can use the [Mustache](https://mustache.github.io/mustache.5.html) template syntax (`{{variable name}}`) to dynamically pass values from data sources when the email is generated. 

Author: Added detail about markdown in [`ee11c65` (#4161)](https://github.com/elastic/docs-content/pull/4161/commits/ee11c65312c873e393379b3a8f5a98d16b5e2ec0)
